we're just gonna do a little nugget here
and show you guys how to download the
free sophomore text comm just scrolling
down to where it says free saw phone
download here go ahead and save the file
now I've already saved this so for times
sake I'm gonna use the one I've already
saved click OK click run now it's taking
you to the wizard which like any other
wizard is really easy to use
click Next I accept the Terms next next
install
okay that was simple finish now the
phone should pop up I'm gonna minimize
this okay no active accounts configured
this is really simple now it's just like
an iPhone we're gonna go ahead and click
on the menu button down on the bottom go
to accounts now it says new account
we're gonna click Edit we're gonna call
this account demo and caller ID this is
gonna show up when you call in our
office phone calls mr. Smith
okay this is your extension we're gonna
use extension 200 tab ID 200 password
okay now this I am in the office local
IP this is the IP address that your
phone system resides on on the local LAN
network
now if you are setting up this extension
to be out of the office like in a home
environment or another city or another
country for that matter you would go to
I am out of the office external IP now
this is going to be the public IP that
you've already assigned to your phone
system your phone system needs to be
using a public IP for this scenario I'm
just gonna make one up now once you put
this in you're gonna need to use the 3cx
tunnel to connect to the phone system
that's gonna be the local IP again
192.168 10 dot 100 that's ours I'm gonna
go ahead and put that in there and then
you would just put it in the tunnel
password which is already given to you
but that would probably be different for
security purposes go to advanced
settings and you're gonna put in the
voicemail ID code which is nine nine
nine okay that's it now it's fully
configured before I click OK I'm gonna
go ahead and uncheck the tunnel and the
I am out of the office I'm gonna go and
say I'm in the office now my phone will
work click OK
okay now my phone's up I can make call
make and receive calls but before I do
that I'm gonna show you how the video
works this is where your webcam works
you can do video to video within the
office and to any other phones that are
compatible you can hit the little hammer
button which is a settings here is where
your video sources are if you have a
video source on your computer it will
show up here when you click on the tab
we do not have a video on this computer
so I can't show you that but you would
just click on that video source and then
click OK and it will configure it for
you and you can open-close that over
here we have speed dials and busy lamp
fields so you can see who's on the call
or you can have speed dials if you want
to have like another office extension
you can do a BLF transfer button and put
it in the office extension and you'll be
able to see whether they're on the phone
or not and you'll be able to call them
with the OneTouch now I'm gonna go ahead
and make a call I do not have a headset
so I won't be able to show you me
actually talking on the phone with this
but you can either use the mouse like
I'm doing now or instead of using the
mouse you can use the keyboard
now I'm calling my cell phone shows our
company calling that's it for this
nugget good luck using 3cx